These last year problems, these are just simply conceptual questions and let's just have a little discussion
about this.
I'm not going to write any sort of answer for either one of these.
Let's just have a discussion.
So if the velocity of an object is zero, does that mean that the acceleration is zero?
If the acceleration is zero?
Does that mean that the velocity zero?
OK, so the way that I look at these types of problems is just take it step by step.
Let's actually just look at this if the velocity of the object is zero.
OK, so let's think about this.
We have a car right here.
If the velocity of the object is zero.
Well, wait a minute.
Is the car moving right now?
Oh, for yourself.
Say to yourself, no, it's not moving.
Does it mean that acceleration is zero?
Well, if the car's not moving, how could it possibly be accelerating?
So, yeah, it does mean that acceleration is zero if the object is simply not moving.
OK, so that's our.
If the acceleration is zero, does that mean the velocity zero, OK, this.
We have to think about what is acceleration is an acceleration, the change of velocity over a certain
amount of time.
OK, so if acceleration is zero, does that mean that the velocity zero?
Well, if this car is just trucking along to de de de de de de de de de de de.
Would you say that this car is accelerating right now if it is moving like this?
I wouldn't I would say that's going at a constant velocity.
If it has a constant velocity, what's the acceleration?
If the objects velocity is constant, if it's steady pace, then the acceleration is zero.
OK, so there you go.
How about this next one?
A car advertised is advertised to go from zero to 60 miles an hour in six seconds.
What does this say about the car?
Does it mean that the is fast or does it mean that it can accelerate?
Well.
Once again, acceleration talks about the change in velocity, being able to go from zero miles an hour
to 60 miles an hour and the time span of six seconds, it's telling you, hey, you know what?
This car has a really good acceleration.